README.md, before:

![Flexoki](flexoki-dark.png)

Flexoki is an inky color scheme for prose and code. Flexoki is designed for reading and writing on digital screens. It is inspired by analog printing inks and warm shades of paper.

Learn more at [stephango.com/flexoki](https://stephango.com/flexoki)

## Base tones

| Value | Hex       | RGB             |
| ----- | --------- | --------------- |
| black | `#100F0F` | `16, 15, 15`    |
| 950   | `#1C1B1A` | `28, 27, 26`    |
| 900   | `#282726` | `40, 39, 38`    |
| 850   | `#343331` | `52, 51, 49`    |
| 800   | `#403E3C` | `64, 62, 60`    |
| 700   | `#575653` | `87, 86, 83`    |
| 600   | `#6F6E69` | `111, 110, 105` |
| 500   | `#878580` | `135, 133, 128` |
| 300   | `#B7B5AC` | `183, 181, 172` |
| 200   | `#CECDC3` | `206, 205, 195` |
| 150   | `#DAD8CE` | `218, 216, 206` |
| 100   | `#E6E4D9` | `230, 228, 217` |
| 50    | `#F2F0E5` | `242, 240, 229` |
| paper | `#FFFCF0` | `255, 252, 240` |

## Colors

### Dark tones

| Color   | Hex       | RGB    |
| ------- | --------- | -------------- |
| red     | `#AF3029` | `175, 48, 41`  |
| orange  | `#BC5215` | `188, 82, 21`  |
| yellow  | `#AD8301` | `173, 131, 1`  |
| green   | `#66800B` | `102, 128, 11` |
| cyan    | `#24837B` | `36, 131, 123` |
| blue    | `#205EA6` | `32, 94, 166`  |
| purple  | `#5E409D` | `94, 64, 157`  |
| magenta | `#A02F6F` | `160, 47, 111` |

### Light tones

| Color   | Hex       | RGB     |
| ------- | --------- | --------------- |
| red     | `#D14D41` | `209, 77, 65`   |
| orange  | `#DA702C` | `218, 112, 44`  |
| yellow  | `#D0A215` | `208, 162, 21`  |
| green   | `#879A39` | `135, 154, 57`  |
| cyan    | `#3AA99F` | `58, 169, 159`  |
| blue    | `#4385BE` | `67, 133, 190`  |
| purple  | `#8B7EC8` | `139, 126, 200` |
| magenta | `#CE5D97` | `206, 93, 151`  |

## Apps

Flexoki is available for the following apps:

- [Obsidian theme](https://github.com/kepano/flexoki-obsidian) and part of [Minimal theme](https://github.com/kepano/obsidian-minimal) by @kepano
- [iTerm2 theme](https://github.com/kepano/flexoki/tree/main/iterm2) thanks to @techvlad

## Contributing

Flexoki is MIT licensed. You are free to port Flexoki to any app. Please include attribution and a link to [stephango.com/flexoki](https://stephango.com/flexoki) and add a link to your port in the list above via pull request.

Commit message:

Add new ports for macOS Terminal, Windows Terminal, GIMP

README.md, after:

![Flexoki](flexoki-dark.png)

Flexoki is an inky color scheme for prose and code. Flexoki is designed for reading and writing on digital screens. It is inspired by analog printing inks and warm shades of paper.

Learn more at [stephango.com/flexoki](https://stephango.com/flexoki)

## Base tones

| Value | Hex       | RGB             |
| ----- | --------- | --------------- |
| black | `#100F0F` | `16, 15, 15`    |
| 950   | `#1C1B1A` | `28, 27, 26`    |
| 900   | `#282726` | `40, 39, 38`    |
| 850   | `#343331` | `52, 51, 49`    |
| 800   | `#403E3C` | `64, 62, 60`    |
| 700   | `#575653` | `87, 86, 83`    |
| 600   | `#6F6E69` | `111, 110, 105` |
| 500   | `#878580` | `135, 133, 128` |
| 300   | `#B7B5AC` | `183, 181, 172` |
| 200   | `#CECDC3` | `206, 205, 195` |
| 150   | `#DAD8CE` | `218, 216, 206` |
| 100   | `#E6E4D9` | `230, 228, 217` |
| 50    | `#F2F0E5` | `242, 240, 229` |
| paper | `#FFFCF0` | `255, 252, 240` |

## Colors

### Dark tones

| Color   | Hex       | RGB    |
| ------- | --------- | -------------- |
| red     | `#AF3029` | `175, 48, 41`  |
| orange  | `#BC5215` | `188, 82, 21`  |
| yellow  | `#AD8301` | `173, 131, 1`  |
| green   | `#66800B` | `102, 128, 11` |
| cyan    | `#24837B` | `36, 131, 123` |
| blue    | `#205EA6` | `32, 94, 166`  |
| purple  | `#5E409D` | `94, 64, 157`  |
| magenta | `#A02F6F` | `160, 47, 111` |

### Light tones

| Color   | Hex       | RGB     |
| ------- | --------- | --------------- |
| red     | `#D14D41` | `209, 77, 65`   |
| orange  | `#DA702C` | `218, 112, 44`  |
| yellow  | `#D0A215` | `208, 162, 21`  |
| green   | `#879A39` | `135, 154, 57`  |
| cyan    | `#3AA99F` | `58, 169, 159`  |
| blue    | `#4385BE` | `67, 133, 190`  |
| purple  | `#8B7EC8` | `139, 126, 200` |
| magenta | `#CE5D97` | `206, 93, 151`  |

## Apps

Flexoki is available for the following apps:

- [Obsidian theme](https://github.com/kepano/flexoki-obsidian) and part of [Minimal theme](https://github.com/kepano/obsidian-minimal) by @kepano
- [iTerm2 theme](https://github.com/kepano/flexoki/tree/main/iterm2) thanks to @techvlad
- [macOS terminal theme](https://github.com/kepano/flexoki/tree/main/terminal) by @getninjaN
- [Windows terminal theme](https://github.com/kepano/flexoki/tree/main/windows-terminal) by 2joukevandermaas
- [GIMP palette](https://github.com/kepano/flexoki/tree/main/gimp) by @xTibor

## Contributing

Flexoki is MIT licensed. You are free to port Flexoki to any app. Please include attribution and a link to [stephango.com/flexoki](https://stephango.com/flexoki) and add a link to your port in the list above via pull request.
